docs: update help-search with extra tag search (#7093)
dart-lang/pub-dev: doc/help-search.md

  - `topic:topic-name`: Searches for packages that have specified the
    `topic-name` [topic](/topics).

>   - `publisher:publisher-name.com`: Searches for packages published by  `publisher-name.com`

Reviewer: Could we do:

```suggestion
  - `publisher:<publisher-name.com>`: Searches for packages published by  `publisher-name.com`
```

(And similar in the other examples (also above). That would be easier to read IMO.

Reviewer 2: Good idea! Otherwise it's not completely clear what part is the changeable argument. Plus that would follow how we document pub command arguments.

>   - `sdk:flutter`: Searches for packages that support the given SDK. The value can be either `flutter` or `dart`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `sdk:<sdk>`: Searches for packages that support the given SDK. `sdk` can be either `flutter` or `dart`
```

>   - `runtime:web`: Searches for packages that support the web runtime. The value can also be `native-jit` and `native-aot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `runtime:<runtime>`: Searches for packages that support the given runtime. `runtime` can be one of `web`, `native-jit` and `native-aot`.
```
